---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "criblio_event_breaker_ruleset Data Source - terraform-provider-criblio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventBreakerRuleset DataSource
---

# criblio_event_breaker_ruleset (Data Source)

EventBreakerRuleset DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "criblio_event_breaker_ruleset" "my_eventbreakerruleset" {
  group_id = "...my_group_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The consumer group to which this instance belongs. Defaults to 'Cribl'.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `lib` (String)
- `min_raw_length` (Number) The  minimum number of characters in _raw to determine which rule to use
- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules that will be applied, in order, to the input data stream (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (String) JavaScript expression applied to the beginning of a file or object, to determine whether the rule applies to all contained events.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable this breaker rule (enabled by default)
- `fields` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs to be added to each event (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--fields))
- `max_event_bytes` (Number) The maximum number of bytes in an event before it is flushed to the pipelines
- `name` (String)
- `parser_enabled` (Boolean)
- `should_use_data_raw` (Boolean) Enable to set an internal field on events indicating that the field in the data called _raw should be used. This can be useful for post processors that want to use that field for event._raw, instead of replacing it with the actual raw event.
- `timestamp` (Attributes) Auto, manual format (strptime), or current time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--timestamp))
- `timestamp_anchor_regex` (String) The regex to match before attempting timestamp extraction. Use $ (end-of-string anchor) to prevent extraction.
- `timestamp_earliest` (String) The earliest timestamp value allowed relative to now. Example: -42years. Parsed values prior to this date will be set to current time.
- `timestamp_latest` (String) The latest timestamp value allowed relative to now. Example: +42days. Parsed values after this date will be set to current time.
- `timestamp_timezone` (String) Timezone to assign to timestamps without timezone info
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--rules--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String) The JavaScript expression used to compute the field's value (can be constant)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--timestamp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.timestamp`

Read-Only:

- `format` (String)
- `length` (Number)
- `type` (String)
