---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "criblio Provider"
description: |-
  Cribl API Reference: This API Reference lists available REST endpoints, along with their supported operations for accessing, creating, updating, or deleting resources. See our complementary product documentation at docs.cribl.io http://docs.cribl.io.
---

# criblio Provider

Cribl API Reference: This API Reference lists available REST endpoints, along with their supported operations for accessing, creating, updating, or deleting resources. See our complementary product documentation at [docs.cribl.io](http://docs.cribl.io).
**⚠️ WARNING: This provider is currently in BETA. Use at your own risk in production environments. Features and APIs may change without notice.**
## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    criblio = {
      source  = "criblio/criblio"
      version = "1.11.17"
    }
  }
}

provider "criblio" {
  # Configuration options
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bearer_auth` (String, Sensitive) HTTP Bearer.
- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) OAuth2 Client Credentials Flow client identifier. Configurable via environment variable `CRIBL_CLIENT_ID`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth2 Client Credentials Flow client secret. Configurable via environment variable `CRIBL_CLIENT_SECRET`.
- `cloud_domain` (String) Cribl Cloud domain name (defaults to cribl.cloud)
- `group_name` (String) The name of the Worker Group or Fleet (defaults to default)
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the managed API server (defaults to localhost)
- `organization_id` (String) The Organization ID (defaults to ian)
- `port` (String) The port of the managed API server (defaults to 9000)
- `server_url` (String) Server URL (defaults to https://app.cribl.cloud)
- `token_url` (String, Sensitive) OAuth2 Client Credentials Flow token URL.
- `workspace_id` (String, Sensitive) API Key. Configurable via environment variable `CRIBL_WORKSPACE_ID`.
- `workspace_name` (String) The Workspace name (defaults to main)
